Add release notes for Retained Gizmos. (#2046)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.16/release-notes/15473_Retained_Gizmos.md

<!-- Retained `Gizmo`s -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15473 -->

> In previous versions of Bevy, gizmos were limited to rendering for a single frame. This meant each
> frame, you would need to recreate the gizmo. This is great for prototyping but can have an effect on
> performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of Bevy, gizmos were always "immediate mode". They were rendered for a frame before disappearing. This is great for prototyping but can have a serious effect on performance.
```
